Carl: I don't need to tell you any more.

In-store Announcer: Attention Puritan Food shoppers, attention. Due to an accident
at our fresh fish counter, we will no longer have Maine lobsters for sale. But any
customer who happens to find a lobster on a shelf or in a grocery cart can have that
lobster for half off. That is just our way of saying thank you for shopping at Puritan
Foods!

...

Social Woman: Oh. Are you there? I know! I don't know what happen. What!? No, I'm 
still stuck at the store...

In-store Announcer: Attention Puritan Food shoppers, attention. Due to a mixup at
the manufacturing plant, the cartons of Mr. Salty Salt are not, as the label says,
Toxic Dreams Rat Poison. Also, cans of Big Boy Chili are in fact Good Boy Dog Food.
We are sorry for the inconvenience. Thank you for your shopping at Puritan Foods!

...

Carl: You're going to mop the freezer.

In-store Announcer: Attentino Puritan Food shoppers. Are you feeling blue? Down in
the dumps? Are you ready to take a long, hot bath with a hair dryer? If that's the
case, then Puritan Foods is here to help with special discount prices on all depression
medication including Zoloft, Zanex, and malt liquor. This is just one way Puritan
Foods is turning our customers' frowns upside down. Thank your for shopping at Puritan
Foods!

...

Greenie #1 and #2: (look at each other) Dude.

In-store Announcer: Attention Puritan Food shoppers! Puritan Foods is not only the
finest foodstuffs but also has an overwhelming selection of the latest magazines for
your reading pleasure including Log Cabin Monthly, Log Cabin Weekly, The Sawgrass
and Log Cabin Review, the Daily Civil War Miniature Digest, The Obscure Punctuation
Gazette, My Pigeon Has a Middle Name, Ferrret Fancy, Marmoset Fancy, Iguana Fancy,
North American Ridgeback Raccon Fancy, Trading Potholders, and People. Be sure to
check out these magazines today and thank you for shopping at Puritan Foods!

...

Cracked Egg Woman: Hurry.

In-store Announcer: Attention Puritan Food shoppers! Knock knock. Who's there? Great
shopping values who? Great shopping values for your grocery dollar can be found every
day for you here at Puritan Foods. Knock knock. Who's there? Orange. Orange who? Orange
you glad oranges are on sale now in the produce department! Nyuck nyuck. Don't forget
to tip your cashiers. We'll be open all night, folks, and thank you for shopping at 
Puritan Foods!

...

Regina: Congrats, Cart Hunter.

In-store Announcer: Attention Puritan Food shoppers! Buy lots of our stuff. Don't buy
stuff from that big discount store. They kick puppies and make old employees lift
heavy merchandise. Thank you for shopping at Puritan Foods.

...

Sarah: I'll get the manager.

In-store Announcer: Attention Puritan Food shoppers. Attention. Psssst. Pssst. Hey,
Sarah! Sarah!

Sarah: Me?

In-store Announcer: Of course you. Who else?

Sarah: You can see me?!


In-store Announcer: I'm in the office closet. There's a hole in the floor.

Sarah: Oh. I thought these were like canned announcements.

In-store Announcer: You did?

Sarah: Yeah.

In-store Announcer: Wow. No. I make them up. All by myself. Pretty impressive, huh?

Sarah: I guess.

In-store Announcer: Hey, do you know where Carl is?

Sarah: Yeah, I just had to talk to him about a customer. Now I have to go mop out
the freezer.

In-store Announcer: Do you think he's still down there?

Sarah: I think so. Why?

In-store Announcer: I need to get something to eat and go to the bathroom. And take
a shower.

Sarah: Do you live up there?!

In-store Announcer: Um, well, yeah.

Sarah: OK

In-store Announcer: Wait. You don't understand. This is the best job and I don't want
anybody else to have it! I used to be on the register like you. That was a nightmare.

Sarah: I have to mop the freezer now.

In-store Announcer: So I have to sleep up here and take a bath in the sink. It's worth
it! Everybody in the store listens to me. I have so much power! Hey, could you bring
me a cookie? Or some Twizzlers? Sarah?! Can you help me out?! New Girl?! Hello?!
